Are you not mad, and crazy, and crass Nestorians, not knowing when you say yes and when you say no, stating one thing in the premise and another in the conclusion? Away with you stupid asses and fools!
As far as I have been able to see and hear, you have no argument but high-sounding words of sacrilege. Everyone ought properly to shun and avoid you as messengers of none other than the devil.
As for the signs of your peculiar priesthood, we are willing to let you boast of these mean things, for we know it would be quite easy to shave, anoint, and clothe in a long robe even a pig or a block of wood.
But what do you say? "Come here, Satan! And if you had more worlds than this, I would accept them all , and not only worship you, but also lick your behind."
Even if your writings were from an angel from heaven I would take this horrible document, and, after having used it as toilet paper, wipe its nose.
Every letter of yours breathes Moabitish pride. So much can a single bull inflate a single bubble that you practically make distinguished asses into gods.
God has punished you by making you incapable of understanding truth, virtue, or honor, thus handing you over to the devil to tell nothing but lies, indeed, to do all that is evil, and to upset all that is good.
How this spirit makes a food of itself in all its words. You can say nothing but that it boomerangs on your own head and hits you so that you not only are blackened but are made to stagger as a drunkard.
I suspect that you are undertaking a vain and impossible task; for who can stop the mouth of a fool? You heart is crammed so full of nonsense and "out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks."
I think that you would not be bold enough to blow at a farmer's fence if you knew that there was a flail behind the door; you would lift your heels in quite a manly way, as though it were snowing flails behind you.
I was frightened and thought I was dreaming, it was such a thunderclap, such a great horrid fart did you let go here! You certainly pressed with great might to let out such a thunderous fart - it is a wonder that it did not tear your hole and belly apart!
I would not dream of judging or punishing you, except to say that you were born from the behind of the devil, are full of devils, lies, blasphemy, and idolatry; are the instigator of these things, God's enemy, Antichrist, desolater of Christendom, and steward of Sodom.
If I were to repay you in slanderous words for the way you have blasphemed so maliciously and terribly, where would I find enough words? For your sins and blasphemy are immeasurable.
In appearance and words you simulate modesty, but you are so swollen with haughtiness, arrogance, pride, malice, villainy, rashness, superciliousness, ignorance, and stupidity that there is nothing to surpass you.
In our country, fruit grows on trees and from trees, and meditation upon sin grows from contrition. But in your land, trees may grow on fruits, contrition from sins, people walk on their ears, and everything is upside down.
In your hiding place you use the most fearless language as though you were full of three holy spirits. Such unseemly boasting reveals clearly what kind of a spirit you are.
Is not what I said before true, that you have eaten and drunk yourself full of devils, and so spew vainglorious devils out of your hellish gorge?
It may be that you want to build yourself a heaven of your own, like those jugglers build themselves out of linen cloth at the Shrove Tuesday carnival. Is it not disgusting that we have to hear such foolish and childish things from you?
It seems I must have liars and villains for opponents. I am not worthy in the sight of God that a godly and honorable person should discuss these matters with me in a Christian way. This is my greatest lament.
Just as in a picture or dream you might see the king of the flies with his lances of straw and shields of hay arrayed against a real and regular army of seasoned human troops, that is how you go to war.
Just as the devil is disorderly and jumbles things together, so your writings and head are equally disordered and mixed up, so that it is exceedingly annoying to read and difficult to remember what you write.
May God punish you, I say, you shameless, barefaced liar, devil's mouthpiece, who dares to spit out, before God, before all the angels, before the dear sun, before all the world, your devil's filth.
See how your spirit here walks on eggs, how you twist and turn, how you talk as if you had mush in your mouth and mumble like a half-dead, despairing person.
Since you are such vulgar blockheads that you think such lewd and stupid gossip will harm me or bring you honor, you are the real Hanswursts - blockheads, boors, and dunderheads.
Such loose, lame, empty talk, set forth on the basis of your own reason and idiosyncrasy, would lead me to believe first of all that your opinions amount to nothing.
The reward of such flattery is what your crass stupidity deserves. Therefore, we shall turn from you, a sevenfold stupid and blasphemous wise person.
The silly, feeble devil thinks no one sees it. No, my fellow, we see you well enough. You haven't used enough make-up; you need more and other colors.
Think what you will, so make in your pants, hang it round your neck, then make a jelly of it and eat it like the vulgar sows and asses you are!
Whoever tolerates and listens to you should know that they are listening to the devil himself, incarnate and abominable, as he speaks out of the mouth of a possessed person.
Wither now, dear factious spirits? I will let you write and shriek for a thousand years and need not oppose you with more than one word. O how one word smashes you prophets and spirits into one lump in the gutter.
You act and speak as a bride of the devil, expressing what the devil inspires. All blasphemous words of this kind are nothing but childish, mad, sacrilegious ideas, and lies which are not worthy of answer.
You are desperate, thorough arch-rascals, murderers, traitors, liars, the very scum of all the most evil people on earth. You are full of all the worst devils in hell - full, full, and so full that you can do nothing but vomit, throw, and blow out devils!
You are like a herd of swine being invited to the table of a prince. You understand not such an honor, but only ravage what is set before you, even soiling the prince.
You are more corrupt than any Babylon or Sodom ever was, and, as far as I can see, are characterized by a completely depraved, hopeless, and notorious godlessness.
You are undisciplined heads who out of utter perversity are able to do nothing in common or in agreement, but are different and self-centered in heart and life.
You are worse than all the devils. What you have done, no devil has ever done. Your end is near, you son of perdition and Antichrist! Stop now, you are going to far!
You curse, blaspheme, skriek, struggle, bellow, and spit, so that, if people really heard you utter  words, they would gather with chains and bars, just as if you were possessed by a legion of devils and had to be seized and bound.
You do nothing more than latch on to a small word and smear over with your spittle as you please, but meanwhile you do not take into account other texts which overthrow you who smear and spits, so that you are up-ended with all four limbs in the air.
You find things irreverent, inquisitive, and vain just as all ungodly men do, or rather, as the demons and the damned find things hateful and detestable.
You moderate enforcer and eulogizer of moderation. You are one of those bloody and deceitful people who affect modesty in words and appearance, but who meanwhile breathe out threats and blood.
You no longer have, as you did several centuries ago, a cunning devil spurring you on, but a palpable blockhead, a crude devil, who in his malice can no longer disguise himself.
You say, "What comes out of our mouth must be kept!" I hear it - which mouth do you mean? The one from which the farts come? (You can keep that yourself!)
You should not write a book before you have heard an old sow fart; and then you should open your jaws with awe, saying, "Thank you, lovely nightingale, that is just the text for me!"
You think like this, "As I am a crude ass, and do not read the books, so there is no one in the world who reads them; rather, when I let my braying heehaw, heehaw resound, or even let out a donkey's fart, then everyone will have to consider it pure truth."
Your home, once the holiest of all, has become the most licentious den of thieves, the most shameless of all brothels, the kingdom of sin, death, and hell. It is so bad that even Antichrist himself, if he should come, could think of nothing to add to its wickedness.
A seven-year-old child, indeed, a silly fool, can figure it out on his fingers - although you, stupid ass, cannot understand anything.
All Christians should be on guard against your antichristian poison.
All you say is sealed with the devil's own dirt.
Are you ignorant of what it means to be ignorant?
Are you not making an elephant out of a fly? What wonder workers!
Before God and men I accuse all of you as arsonists, blasphemers, murderers, and ravagers of Christian piety.
Blind moles!
Dear God, what an utterly shameless, blasphemous lying-mouth you are!
Do you not see here the devil, the enemy of God's order?
Doctor Sow.
Even if the Antichrist appears, what greater evil can he do than what you have done and do daily?
Even Lucifer was not guilty of so great a sacrilege in heaven, for he only presumed to be God's equal. God help us!
Everyone can see that such a sentence must have been blown into you by all the existing devils with one breath.
Finally you cannot help yourself but spew out good, fat, strong lies, and like a mad person speak against yourself.
For you are an excellent person, as skilful, clever, and versed in Holy Scripture as a cow in a walnut tree or a sow on a harp.
Get out in the name of a thousand devils, and break your neck before you are out of the city.
Go, you whore, go to the devil for all I care.
Heaven and earth are in danger of caving in because of your heresies.
Here now, you ass, with your long donkey ears and accursed liar's mouth!
How far will you go, O devilish pride?
How is it, then, that you drivel like people in their second childhood?
I am tired of the pestilent voice of your sirens.
I beg you put your glasses on your nose, or blow your nose a bit, to make your head lighter and the brain clearer.
I can with good conscience consider you a fart-ass and an enemy of God.
I must stop: I can no longer rummage in your blasphemous, hellish devil's filth and stench.
I think that all the devils have at once entered into you.
I think that if you were alone in the field, an angry cat would be enough to scare you away.
I think you received these ideas in your pipe dreams.
I would not smell the foul odor of your name.
In devil's fashion you go out where God would enter and enter where God goes out. It ought surprise no one that I call you a devil.
In lying fashion you ignore what even children know.
It is presumptuous for people who are as ignorant as you are not to take up the work of a herdsman.
It is the old dragon from the abyss of hell who is standing before me!
Let this generation of vipers prepare itself for unquenchable fire!
Listen, murdered of souls and sinful spirit!
Listen, you ass, you are a particularly crass ass, indeed, you are a filthy sow!
Look how this great heretic speaks brazenly and sacrilegiously.
May the devil stay with you in this blasphemous, murderous, sinful, pernicious thing.
May the Lord Jesus protect me and all devout souls from your contagion and your company!
Must we believe your nightmares?
My soul, like Ezekiel's, is nauseated at eating your bread covered with human dung. Do you know what this means?
O you wolf in Christendom!
People of your sort are hirelings, dumb dogs unable to bark, who see the wolf coming and flee or, rather, join up with the wolf.
Perhaps you like to hear yourself talk, as the stork its own clattering.
Perhaps you want me to die of unrelieved boredom while you keep on talking.
Phooey on you, you servant of idols!
Proteus is no Proteus compared with you.
Snot-nose!
Stupid spirit.
Take care, you evil and wrathful spirits. God may ordain that in swallowing you may choke to death.
The devil rides you.
The hellish Satan drives you.
The very devil himself would thank you for such an event, and no one but the miserable devil and his devilish scum would go there.
There you are in the chains of divine judgment, bound in hell like all the devils.
There you are, like butter in sunshine.
This is pure knavery with which the devil here deals. Tell me, you who are so pure, why are you here so filthy?
This new thing you have devised is the vilest cesspool that the devil has on earth.
This venom - the mere smell of which kills a man!
Truly, I never imagined, and at the same time was shocked, to see how deeply you still cling to your errors.
We despise your whorish impudence.
We leave you to your own devices, for nothing properly suits you except hypocrisy, flattery, and lies.
We may confidently suppose and be sure that your spirit will produce evidence and proof when the devil becomes God.
We see you, you black, ugly devil!
Were you against the heathen Priapus, he would probably pass wind in the face of such well-aimed terror.
What a fine spirit we have here, who would drive out the devil by a devil. Indeed you would disgrace public truth with public lies.
What bilgewater of heresies has ever been spoken so heretically as what you have said?
What devilish unchristian thing would you not undertake?
What do you mean when you say this? Are you dreaming in the throes of a fever or are you laboring under a madness?
What else can one say here, except that these ideas originate in your own wanton concoctions, or in a drunken dream?
What good purpose can you lazy, sluggish bullies accomplish?
What happened to the house built on sand in Matthew 7 will also happen to you.
What light can there be in heads that hold such tangible darkness?
What pig sties could compare in goings-on with you?
What you say is a blasphemy that has made you worthy of a thousand deaths.
Why would anyone tolerate such things from someone like you, a rotten paunch, crude ass and fart-ass?
With all your cleverness you are nothing but devil's fools.
Yes, what happened to you is what must happen when one paints the devil above the door and asks him to be godfather.
You - like the spider which sucks only poison from the rose - draw only vain pride from the doctrine of humility.
You abominable abomination.
You arch-assassin and bloodhound, the like of which has never been seen under the sun.
You are a Baal-zebub - that is, a man of flies.
You are a brothel-keeper and the devil's daughter in hell.
You are a bungling magpie, croaking loudly.
You are a coarse devil who hurts me but little.
You are a crude ass, and an ass you will remain!
You are a little pious prancer.
You are a person of sin and the child of perdition, leading all the world with you to the devil, using your lying and deceitful ways.
You are a toad eater and a fawner.
You are a wolf and apostle of Satan.
You are admirable, fine, pious sows and asses.
You are an abominable arch-heretic.
You are an extraordinary creature, being neither God nor man. Perhaps you are the devil himself.
You are blasphemous, abominable rascals and damned scum of Satan.
You are dumber than Seriphian frogs and fishes.
You are emissaries of the devil.
You are full of poisonous refuse and insane foolishness.
You are idiots and swine.
You are ignorant, stupid, godless blasphemers.
You are in all you do the very opposite of Christ as befits a true Antichrist.
You are indeed cheated and deceived by falsehood, and that is what all like you deserve.
You are inimical asses!
You are jugglers of imaginary sins.
You are like a magician who conjures gulden into the mouths of silly people, but when they open their mouths they have horse dirt in them.
You are like mouse-dropping in the pepper.
You are like swine who indiscriminately devour everything.
You are not a pious fraud, but an infernal, diabolical, antichristian fraud.
You are not human beings, but empty shells and shadows.
You are pious and honest people, who cannot do anything but calumniate and lie.
You are poisonous, worthless gossips.
You are spiritual scarecrows and monk calves.
You are such outrageous, shameless blockheads.
You are the cousins of the Antichrist.
You are the devil's donkey.
You are the devil's most dangerous tool!
You are the founder and master of all sins.
You are the most insane heretics and ingrafters of heretical perversity.
You are the prostitute of heretics!
You are the Roman Nimrod and a teacher of sin.
You are the scum of all the scoundrels.
You are the sin-master and soul-murdered.
You are the true print and touch of the devil.
You are the true, chief, and final Antichrist.
You are the ultimate scourges of the world, the Antichrist together with your sophists and bishops.
You are the white devil and a glittering Satan.
You are the worst rascal of all the rascals on earth!
You are worthy only to be mocked by the words of error.
You arsonists, enemies of languages and truth!
You ass, abecedarian, and bacchanal.
You blubber and writhe along with all the devils in hell.
You completely close your mind and do nothing but shout, "Anathema, anathema, anathema!" so that by your own voice you are judged mad.
You condemned the holy gospel and replaced it with the teaching of the dragon from hell.
You conduct yourself like one drunk or asleep, belching out between your snores, "Yes, No."
You cowardly slave, you corrupt sycophant, with your sickening advice!
You dear asses.
You do nothing with all your profusion of words but fight a fire with dry straw.
You forgot to purge yourself with hellabore while you were preparing to fabricate this lie.
You foster in your heart a Lucian, or some other pig from Epicurus' sty.
You gamble with God's Word like a rogue.
You have a perverted spirit that thinks only of murdering the conscience.
You have a priesthood of Satan.
You have fought against us as one would attack a cliff with a broken straw.
You have lost head, eyes, brain, and heart, since you know neither shame nor fear, and dare wager all according to your whims.
You have set out to rub your scabby, scurvy head against honor.
You have surrendered yourself and dared to become an avowed enemy of God, wanting to race rather than trot to hell.
You have the master-devil all right.
You hellish scum.
You hold fast to human dreams and the doctrines of devils.
You know less than does a log on the ground.
You like as an arch rascal and disgraceful scoundrel.
You live like Epicureans and sows. So the fat is in the fire!
You loathsome, accursed, atrocious monster.
You ought to feel shame in your hearts, you great gruff asses' heads.
You pant after the garlic and melons of Egypt and have already long suffered from perverted tastes.
You people are more stupid than a block of wood.
You plunge in like a sow to devour pearls, and like a dog tearing holy things to pieces.
You poisonous loudmouth.
You poor devil.
You pusillanimous scoundrel.
You reek of nothing but Lucian, and you breathe out on me the vast drunken folly of Epicurus.
You roar as one possessed and full of devils.
You run against God with the horns of your pride up in the air and thus plunge into the abyss of hell. Woe unto you, Antichrist!
You rush forward as an ass under the pelt of a lion.
You seem to be wrangling about goat's wool, like the man who watched the play in an empty theater.
You seem to me to be a real masterpiece of the devil's art.
You sharp-eyed bats.
You should rightly be called lawyers for asses.
You sophistic worms, grasshoppers, locusts, frogs and lice!
You speak and act only as an ungodly person does.
You stink like devilish filth flung into Germany.
You teach the disorderly masses to break into this field in disorder like pigs.
You vulgar boor, blockhead, and lout, you ass to cap all asses, screaming your heehaws.
You wear a pair of cobweb trousers, like a man who, being naked, put on a new to hide his shame.
You worship a Dagon and a god of your stomachs.
You're a gross, ungrateful clod, worthy of being numbered among the beasts.
You, devil and Hanswurst, are in this matter a particularly silly <i>wurst</i> to lie so shamefully.
Your astute minds have been completely turned into stinking mushrooms.
Your Hellishness.
Your sin smells to high heaven.
Your words are so foolishly and ignorantly composed that I cannot believe you understand them.
Your words are un-Christian, antichristian, and spoken by the inspiration of the evil spirit.
